Bump black to 26.3.1 (#1360)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Internal changes ⚙️</h3>

> - Bump `black` version to 26.3.1 to eliminate the vulnerability reported by dependabot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped `black` version to 26.3.1 to eliminate a vulnerability reported by dependabot.
```
